Adding SRW results (#21)
dtcenter/ufs-case-studies: docs/source/2019HaloweenStorm.rst

   
      crontab 2019Halloween.crontab  
        
  .. group-tab:: SRW.v1.0

>     The UFS Short-Range Weather (SRW) Application (App) is used to prepare initial conditions, compile and run the UFS model, and post process the raw model outputs. Two model configuration compsets (``GFSv15p2`` and ``RRFSv1alpha``) are tested using the :emphasis:`C768` (~13km) spatial resolution with 64 vertical levels (default).

Reviewer: post process : see comment above (search and replace everywhere)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The UFS Short-Range Weather (SRW) Application (App) is used to prepare initial conditions, compile and run the UFS model, and postprocess the raw model outputs. Two model configuration compsets (``GFSv15p2`` and ``RRFSv1alpha``) are tested using the :emphasis:`C768` (~13km) spatial resolution with 64 vertical levels (default).
```

    * GFS.v16.0.10 generates a progressive synoptic pattern compared with reanalysis data.
    * The positive tilted trough in GFS.v16.0.10, versus the negative tilted trough in GFS_ANL, indicates a less severe storm over the eastern U.S.
  .. group-tab:: SRW.v1.0

    .. figure:: images/2019Halloween/MSLP_SRW_v1.0_2019HalloweenStorm_trim.png
      :width: 1200
      :align: center

      Mean sea-level pressure (MSLP, hPa)

>     * SRW_GFSv15p2 simulates the sea level pressure structure more reasonably than SRW_RRFSv1alpha. The MSLP from SRW_RRFSv1alpha is very noisy over Rocky mountain area.

Reviewer: more reasonably --> better

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * SRW_GFSv15p2 simulates the sea level pressure structure better than SRW_RRFSv1alpha. The MSLP from SRW_RRFSv1alpha is very noisy over Rocky mountain area.
```

    * Lower composite reflectivity values suggest less intensive precipitation over the Northeastern U.S. 
      
  .. group-tab:: SRW.v1.0

    .. figure:: images/2019Halloween/2mRH_SRW_v1.0_2019HalloweenStorm_RAP_trim.png
      :width: 1200
      :align: center

      2-m relative Humidity (RH,%) valid at 00z 1 Nov 2019

    * Dryline across the central U.S. is not simulated well in the two physics compsets.

    .. figure:: images/2019Halloween/Refc_SRW_v1.0_2019HalloweenStorm_RAP_trim.png
      :width: 1200
      :align: center

      Composite reflectivity (dB) valid at 00z 1 Nov 2019 

>     * The rainband orientation in SRW_RRFSv1alpha and SRW_GFSv15p2 is slightly different with that in RAP_ANL. The results from SRW_GFSv15p2 is sligtly stronger and better than that from SRW_RRFSv1alpha. 

Reviewer: than that in RAP_ANL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * The rainband orientation in SRW_RRFSv1alpha and SRW_GFSv15p2 is slightly different than that in RAP_ANL. The results from SRW_GFSv15p2 is sligtly stronger and better than that from SRW_RRFSv1alpha. 
```
